Where is the city?
    Located on the western coast of Ganice. 

Why is it there?
    The first settlers of the city landed on the southern coast, and built the
    city up from there. The natural deep-water port on the southern coast
    accommodated more shipping, fishing and trade to be carried out through
    Waterdeep than even some of the larger, well established port cities of
    Uralt, giving the city of Waterdeep enough income and interest to grow to
    what it is today.

What is it's rough size?
    Stretching 30 miles N/S and 10 miles E/W: 300 mi

How many people?
    Roughly 126,000 inhabitants, as per the most recent Chamber of 
    Residency survey. About 420 people/sq mile.

What is the racial makeup?
    The first travellers to Ganice being humans, humans are the most populous
    non-native race in Ganice. After the initial settlement of Ganice, the
    following few hundred years saw a stream of particularly enterprising or
    adventurous elves, gnomes, and halflings, as well as invasion attempts by
    bands of orcs, goblins and other badies from Uralt which lead to populations
    settling throughout the continent. Ganice is natively populated by
    dragonborn, whose origins on the continent seem to stem from the dragons of
    the northern mountains consorting with a native race of humanoids, long
    out-competed by the dragonborn.
    Being the largest center of activity on the continent, Waterdeep's racial
    makeup mostly reflects that of Ganice.

Is the city walled, or protected naturally?
    The Western edge border of the city is naturally protected by 
    Mt. Waterdeep, with the Northernmost Western portion butting up 
    against sea cliffs.
    The rest of the city's border is walled and guarded.

What is the government?
    A tradition being laid out by

What kind of legal system?

What are the main Temples/Shrines/Cults/etc.?

What is the City's means of income:
    - raw goods?
    - finished goods?
    - Luxury goods?
    - All three?
    - Something else?

How does the city get its food?

What is the economy like?

Is the city rich/poor/somewhere in between?

Are there any Guilds?
